labs all set up boss Oh actually he's
the boss I just pay for everything and
design everything and make everyone look
cooler what's the word on Strucker
NATO's got him the two enhanced Wanda
and Pietro Maximoff twins orphan at 10
when a shell collapse their apartment
building
Soko vias had a rough history it's
nowhere special but it's on the way to
everywhere special their abilities he's
got increased metabolism and improved
thermal homeostasis her thing is
neuroelectric interfacing telekinesis
mental manipulation he's fast and she's
weird well they're gonna show up again
agreed file says they volunteered for
strucker's experiments that's not right
what kind of monster would that a German
scientist experiment on them to protect
their country we're not at war captain
Dale